<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Retrievable secret with pre-existing Key Vault example

This example exercises `retrievable_secret` against a Key Vault that is created **outside** of the Terraform configuration (by the `pre.sh` script).

This reproduces the scenario that previously failed at `terraform plan` with `SecretNotFound`, because the ephemeral `azurerm_key_vault_secret` would attempt to read the not-yet-created secret during plan when both `key_vault_id` and `name` were known. The fix is an explicit `depends_on` from the ephemeral block to the managed `azurerm_key_vault_secret` resource so the read is deferred to apply.

The `pre.sh` script:

- Generates a random suffix and writes `terraform.tfvars` containing the Key Vault id.
- Creates a resource group and a Key Vault. The Key Vault is configured with **purge protection disabled** so it can be destroyed by `post.sh`.

The `post.sh` script deletes and purges the Key Vault, then deletes the resource group.

```hcl
module "retrievable_password" {
  source = "../../"

  enable_telemetry = var.enable_telemetry
  password = {
    length      = 20
    special     = true
    upper       = true
    lower       = true
    numeric     = true
    min_lower   = 2
    min_upper   = 2
    min_numeric = 2
    min_special = 2
  }
  retrievable_secret = {
    key_vault_id = var.key_vault_id
    name         = var.secret_name
  }
}


```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.11)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

## Resources

No resources.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#input\_key\_vault\_id)

Description: The resource ID of an existing Key Vault to write the retrievable secret into. Provided by `pre.sh` via `terraform.tfvars`.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_secret_name"></a> [secret\_name](#input\_secret\_name)

Description: The name of the Key Vault secret to create.

Type: `string`

Default: `"ephemeral-test-password"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_password_result_length"></a> [password\_result\_length](#output\_password\_result\_length)

Description: Length of the retrieved ephemeral password. Used to ensure the ephemeral read is exercised.

### <a name="output_retrievable_secret_id"></a> [retrievable\_secret\_id](#output\_retrievable\_secret\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the retrievable Key Vault secret.

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_retrievable_password"></a> [retrievable\_password](#module\_retrievable\_password)

Source: ../../

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->